README.md, before:

# FACEIT-HELPER
## Chrome extensions for FACEIT.com user experience enhancement

Chrome store:
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/faceit-helper/bjdhcabjnhhifipbnopnfpfidkafanjf

Little FACEIT chrome extension that help you auto accept match when there's one available for faceit.com

### Now with:
* Show Matched Players (BETA)
  * Show your opponents before accepting the match
  * Show where the country your opponents from
  * Show accepted players
*  Lobby Stats
	* ELO
	* Country flag
	* Premade indicator
	* Quick link to user Faceitstats.com profile
* Auto match accept (with bug workaround)
* Auto map veto (BETA)
* Auto copy-server IP address
* Auto-Join server (using new Steam connect protocol on 6/10/2016) [NO FPS DROP]
* FACEIT Premium stats viewer

![](http://puu.sh/rQhKU/91fab6830d.jpg)
![](http://puu.sh/rQhyZ/2dfdd0dfa3.png)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
21/10/2016
v3.2.1 - Updated placement for country icon, premades indication

7/10/2016
v3.0.1 - Fixed bugs
(not fully tested and feedback needed)

7/10/2016
v3.0.0 - Rewritten almost all code with better performances
(not fully tested and feedback needed)

Note from Poheart:
> This start as a hobby project for me to learn from as i'm relatively new to web/chromium extension development.
> You are free to contribute to this project by making Pull request


**Huge thanks to [CullenIO](https://github.com/CullenIO) and [nuller1joe](https://github.com/nuller1joe) for continue contribution to this community project**

Commit message:

Oficially forked Poheart's code and added some useful stuff for myself
Queue: Added extra info from users in queue

README.md, after:

# FACEIT-HELPER
## Chrome extensions for FACEIT.com user experience enhancement

Chrome store:
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/faceit-helper/bjdhcabjnhhifipbnopnfpfidkafanjf

Little FACEIT chrome extension that help you auto accept match when there's one available for faceit.com

### Now with:
* Show Matched Players (BETA)
  * Show your opponents before accepting the match
  * Show where the country your opponents from
  * Show accepted players
*  Lobby Stats
	* ELO
	* Country flag
	* Premade indicator
	* Quick link to user Faceitstats.com profile
* Auto match accept (with bug workaround)
* Auto map veto (BETA)
* Auto copy-server IP address
* Auto-Join server (using new Steam connect protocol on 6/10/2016) [NO FPS DROP]
* FACEIT Premium stats viewer

![](http://puu.sh/rQhKU/91fab6830d.jpg)
![](http://puu.sh/rQhyZ/2dfdd0dfa3.png)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
31/01/2017
v3.5.8 - Added extra user info to in-queue list

21/10/2016
v3.2.1 - Updated placement for country icon, premades indication

7/10/2016
v3.0.1 - Fixed bugs
(not fully tested and feedback needed)

7/10/2016
v3.0.0 - Rewritten almost all code with better performances
(not fully tested and feedback needed)

Note from Poheart:
> This start as a hobby project for me to learn from as i'm relatively new to web/chromium extension development.
> You are free to contribute to this project by making Pull request


**Huge thanks to [CullenIO](https://github.com/CullenIO) and [nuller1joe](https://github.com/nuller1joe) for continue contribution to this community project**
